Okay. What?
Like you versus oh, wait.
Cooking at home like stay cooking at home.
Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah. Is it?
No, because we have to rent it out and it's a hassle
What?
A-again. We could there's a little kitchen there. So but it's just like
I don't if, I don't really like to deal with the homeowners association.
Yeah, yeah.
They're pretty picky about a lot of stuff so...
Oh, yeah
Oh.
I... I. You were there? Yeah. It was so really...
so...
Yeah... And then we have Duncan's...
Oh. Yeah. I think so.
Yeah Like, I wasn't.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you were tiny and I don't know it was he
It wasn't been born then? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah and after we had a little
issues... um...
with um... somebody else username.
borrowed them and caused an accident in the parking for
fooling around on their car and ever since that I was just...
I'm like I told my sister I really don't want to.
Because I have to live with the people that crash, right?
And then... and they're upset with me, although like they understand.
Right, okay. Yeah, and they understood.
I mean they took care of it and everything like insurance but it's a
hassle there and ever since that like...
making records probably if somebody complained about us so
Yeah, ever since then I'm like, okay, let's try.
Yeah I'd rather not. Yeah.
Oh, well one of the guests that
this person invited started to like
Do wheelie type stuff in the parking lot to show off.
And then I, I ran out and I tried to stop it.
But before I got there, he crashed a car that was parked, a parked car.
Yes.
So...
Um...
It wasn't too bad because I mean he wasn't that good
Sorry, what was I saying? It's going really fast.
high speed but still like I was like oh my gosh
what do you say to someone your car was parked here but we crashed
So ever since that incident...
I haven't really offered it to anyone. Yeah...
Yeah.
Oh, that's a good coffee.
I definitely eat out more.
Yeah.
I would say I only cooked maybe two or
three the rest.
is eating out. Yeah.
Yeah. And like
Yeah, I don't want to eat what my mom cooks.
No salt, no sugar.
nothing, you know, flavorless and it's all vegetables, so I'm like, no.
Um... I usually take leftovers to lunch. Yeah. Why...
I would never eat nuts.
served at my school.
Like I'm just like you know how we're pitching
Healthy food, you know for the kids and I'm like what is healthy about what we said.
Everything at recess is processed. Yeah.
Um...
It's really like...Um...
Well, salad looks okay.
But every like meat is like it looks really dried, overcooked.
Yeah. It's just... I... I can't even describe it because I don't even...
Yeah, exactly
Yeah. So... mmm... yeah...
Yeah...